Generic main documentation (#126)
AmigaPorts/ACE: docs/programming/os.md

Consider following code:

```c
systemUnuse(); // Assume that OS is disabled at this point

logWrite("I'm initializing stuff\n");
paletteLoad("palette.plt", s_pPalette, 32);
s_pBm1 = bitmapCreate(320, 256, 5);
s_pBm2 = fontCreate("test.fnt");
logWrite("I'm done initializing\n");
```

This small code wastes about quarter to half a second to do very simple things, because each of this function re-enables OS at start and disables it at its end.
This can be easily fixed by adding `systemUse()` and `systemUnuse()` calls:

```c
systemUse(); // Re-enable OS once
logWrite("I'm initializing stuff\n");       // Any of these functions
paletteLoad("palette.plt", s_pPalette, 32); // Won't re-enable/disable OS
s_pBm1 = bitmapCreate(320, 256, 5);         // They have systemUse()/systemUnuse calls
s_pBm2 = fontCreate("test.fnt");            // But they won't do anything since OS
logWrite("I'm done initializing\n");        // Is already enabled
systemUnuse(); // Disable OS once when we're done with it
```

## Best practices

Try to have OS disabled at the end of gamestate creation, and to re-enable it at the beginning of gamestate destruction.

> This way, the game loop performs with maximum performance, whereas you have OS at your disposal in init/deinit phases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, the game loop performs with maximum performance, whereas you have OS at your disposal in create/destroy phases.
```
It's better to keep existings terms instead of providing new ones in docs.

Be careful when using state pushing/popping.
If pushed state needs OS, be sure to have it re-enabled at the beginning of gamestate create phase and disabled at the end of gamestate destroy phase.

> You can use onSuspend and onResume callbacks for that.

Reviewer: I think that this proposal to handle OS while pushing / popping is way worse approach than proposal from next paragraph. Also OS handling in create/destroy is way more popular than in push/pop, so it should be mentioned first in order. Push/pop should be mentioned as if game logic forces you to use other methods than create/destroy.

Author: Yeah, you're right. I've removed it and changed order so that push/pop warning is after the grouping advice.
